Cumulus-814 Add documentation for maintaining a deployment's Cumulus dependencies at their current version. (#903)
nasa/cumulus: docs/operator-docs/update-cumulus-dependencies.md

When breaking changes have been introduced, the Cumulus Core team will publish a document with instructions on migrating from one version to another. *IMPORTANT:* When upgrading through many versions, each migration should be done in the order of release (if going from version 1.z.0 from 1.x.0, 1.x.0 -> 1.y.0 -> 1.z.0).

The migration documents published on release can be found [here](https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/upgrade/upgrade-readme).

## Maintaining the current Version of a Dependency

> If you wish to maintain the current version for a specific dependency, make sure to save that version to the package.json with this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to maintain the current version for a specific dependency, run this command to ensure both your package.json and package-lock.json reference that exact version of the dependency.
```

```shell
npm install @cumulus/deployment@1.11.3 --save --save-exact
```

To maintain current dependencies without individually installing each one, you can run this command that will use the exact versions last saved in your package-lock.json. Note: this requires npm version 5.7.0 or higher and a package-lock.json to already exist in the project.

```shell
npm ci
```

> This can be more useful than `npm install` because it is faster and will keep the last version you used, instead of going to find the most recently published. This should be used when temporarily avoiding a breaking change in an updated version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be more useful than `npm install` because it is faster and will install the exact dependency versions specified in package-lock.json, while `npm install` may install a more recently published version of a dependency, especially if semantic ranges (`^1.1.0` or `~1.1.0`) are used in package.json. `npm ci` should be used when temporarily avoiding a breaking change in an updated version.
```

When breaking changes have been introduced, the Cumulus Core team will publish a document with instructions on migrating from one version to another. *IMPORTANT:* When upgrading through many versions, each migration should be done in the order of release (if going from version 1.z.0 from 1.x.0, 1.x.0 -> 1.y.0 -> 1.z.0).

The migration documents published on release can be found [here](https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/upgrade/upgrade-readme).

## Maintaining the current Version of a Dependency

If you wish to maintain the current version for a specific dependency, make sure to save that version to the package.json with this command.

```shell

> npm install [<@scope>/]<name>@<version> --save --save-exact

Reviewer: Using an actual example might be a bit more clear?

`npm install @cumulus/deployment@1.11.3 --save --save-exact`

Also, I think `--save-exact` might be redundant when you are already specifying an exact version (no `~` or `^`), but I could be wrong

Author: I would need to use the --save-exact If I'm taking out the section about editing the package.json directly.

```

> Or update that dependency version directly in your package.json to include no prefix.

Reviewer: I don't think we should recommend editing `package.json` directly. If you do that, then the lockfile is only updated when you later run `npm install` for the project instead of when you `npm install package@1.2.3 --save`, which makes the context of the changes to the lockfile a bit more confusing

For example: `<name>: "1.4.2"` instead of `<name>: "^1.4.2"`. This will cause `npm install` to install that specific version.

> To maintain current dependencies without individually editing them in your package.json file, you can run this command that will use the exact versions last saved in your package-lock.json. Note: this requires npm version 5.7.0 or higher and a package-lock.json to already exist in the project.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the intent of this documentation. The description of `npm ci` only installing based on the lockfile is right, but how does that related to maintaining your packages? `npm ci` is about making sure that your installed dependencies exactly match what the lockfile specifies. The maintenance of packages comes previously with running `npm install package`.
